<h1 align="center">Terms and Policies</h1>

<p align="center">Welcome to MongoGen, the magical MongoDB generation bot that makes creating databases a breeze! Before you start building your dream database, please take a moment to read our terms and policies. </p>

***
<h2 align="center">Data Privacy and Security</h2>
<p align="center">At MongoGen, we take your data privacy and security very seriously. We promise not to sell, leak, or misuse your data in any way. We only access your database to generate a sample output or data structure. To ensure that your data is transmitted securely, we use advanced communication protocols that are both fast and secure.</p>

<h2 align="center">Usage Policy</h2>
<p align="center">MongoGen is an easy-to-use and fun educational tool for creating databases. While we don't recommend using it for commercial purposes, we're not responsible for any damages that may occur as a result of your use of the bot. We reserve the right to refuse access to MongoGen at any time, especially if we suspect that you're abusing or misusing it.</p>

<h2 align="center">Accuracy of Generated Data</h2>
<p align="center">We strive to ensure that the data generated by MongoGen is accurate, but we cannot guarantee it. The output is intended to be a starting point for further exploration and analysis. We're not responsible for any errors or inaccuracies that may occur as a result of your use of the bot.</p>

<h2 align="center">Intellectual Property Rights</h2>
<p align="center">We take our intellectual property seriously, and we ask that you do too. MongoGen and all associated software and code are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Please don't copy, modify, distribute, or reverse engineer MongoGen without our prior written consent.</p>

<h2 align="center">Limitation of Liability</h2>
<p align="center">We're not liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential, that may arise from your use of MongoGen or associated software and code. In no event shall our liability exceed the total amount paid by you, if any, for the use of our bot.</p>

***
*Thank you for choosing MongoGen as your go-to MongoDB generation bot! We hope that it helps you to create databases in a simple and easy way. We reserve the right to update our terms and policies at any time, and your continued use of MongoGen constitutes acceptance of any changes made. You can ask anyother question in our [**Discord Server**](https://discord.gg/uoaio)*
